# Maven Archetype: Java Stand-alone Application

This archetype could be used to generate new stand-alone java application source tree and a customized maven build process. 

In the new Java project, maven pom.xml and assembly script were integrated together to bundle all java library, execution script, release notes, etc, into a zip file for easy distribution and deployment. The bundle could be generated by simple '*mvn package*' command.

# Setup and Demo
Follow these steps to quickly install this archetype and create a sample maven project to see generated files. Supose you are in an empty directory: ~/work
<dl> 
<dt> <b>Setup: Clone this project to your computer and install the archetype</b></dt>
<dd>

```
# pwd
~/work
# git clone https://github.com/nathan-ca/maven-archetype-java-app.git
# cd maven-archetype-java-app
# mvn install archetype:update-local-catalog
```
</dd>
The archetype was installed in your local maven repository.
</dl>

<dl>
<dt> <b>Demo: Create a sample maven project (non-interactive mode)</b></dt>
<dd>

```
# pwd
~/work
# mvn archetype:generate -DarchetypeGroupId=com.github.nathan-ca -DarchetypeArtifactId=archetype-java-app -DarchetypeVersion=1.0.0 -DgroupId=com.github -DartifactId=sample -DinteractiveMode=false
# cd sample
# mvn package
```
</dd>

a new maven project *sample* was generated in the work directory and the *'mvn package'* command packaged compiled binary and resources into a *sample.zip* file under *target* dir.

This *sample.zip* file could be distributed easily. End user just unzip the *sample.zip* and run the script to launch the java application.
</dl>



# Maven Interactive Command
```
# mvn archetype:generate \
  -DarchetypeGroupId=com.github.nathan-ca -DarchetypeArtifactId=archetype-java-app \
  -DarchetypeVersion=1.0.0
```

# Customization on New Project
Customize and update the following files in your new project:
```
release.txt: write your own release note
src\bin\run-app.*: write your own Java launch command
src\main\resources\log4j2.xml: customize the log4j2 behavior
```

# Known Issue

When creating new project, the following warning messages will be generated by maven:
```
[WARNING] Don't override file ......
[WARNING] CP Don't override file ......
```

The fix should be in *archetype-metadata.xml* file but I don't know how to. Let me know if you found the solution.